**ADOBE RESEARCH LICENSE**

This license agreement (the “License”) between Adobe Inc., having a place of business at 345 Park Avenue, San Jose, California 95110-2704 (“Adobe”), and you, the individual or entity exercising rights under this License (“you” or “your”), sets forth the terms for your use of certain research materials that are owned by Adobe (the “Licensed Materials”). By exercising rights under this License, you accept and agree to be bound by its terms. If you are exercising rights under this License on behalf of an entity, then “you” means you and such entity, and you (personally) represent and warrant that you (personally) have all necessary authority to bind that entity to the terms of this License.

1.	**GRANT OF LICENSE.**<br/>
1.1	Adobe grants you a nonexclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, revocable, fully paid license to (A) reproduce, use, modify, and publicly display the Licensed Materials for noncommercial research purposes only; and (B) redistribute the Licensed Materials, and modifications or derivative works thereof, for noncommercial research purposes only, provided that you give recipients a copy of this License upon redistribution.<br/>
1.2	You may add your own copyright statement to your modifications and/or provide additional or different license terms for use, reproduction, modification, public display, and redistribution of your modifications and derivative works, provided that such license terms limit the use, reproduction, modification, public display, and redistribution of such modifications and derivative works to noncommercial research purposes only.<br/>
1.3	For purposes of this License, noncommercial research purposes include academic research and teaching only. Noncommercial research purposes do not include commercial licensing or distribution, development of commercial products, or any other activity that results in commercial gain.<br/>
2.	**OWNERSHIP AND ATTRIBUTION.** Adobe and its licensors own all right, title, and interest in the Licensed Materials. You must retain all copyright notices and/or disclaimers in the Licensed Materials.
3.	**DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES.** THE LICENSED MATERIALS ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE USE, RESULTS, AND PERFORMANCE OF THE LICENSED MATERIALS IS ASSUMED BY YOU. ADOBE DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, WITH REGARD TO YOUR USE OF THE LICENSED MATERIALS, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD-PARTY RIGHTS.
4.	**LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.** IN NO EVENT WILL ADOBE BE LIABLE FOR ANY ACTUAL, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOSS OF PROFITS OR OTHER COMMERCIAL LOSS, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THE LICENSED MATERIALS, EVEN IF ADOBE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
5.	**TERM AND TERMINATION.**<br/>
5.1	The License is effective upon acceptance by you and will remain in effect unless terminated earlier in accordance with Section 5.2.<br/>
5.2	Any breach of any material provision of this License will automatically terminate the rights granted herein.<br/>
5.3	Sections 2 (Ownership and Attribution), 3 (Disclaimer of Warranties), 4 (Limitation of Liability) will survive termination of this License.<br/>

